Eternal Gosh! (often abbreviated as EG) is a Burmese pop rock band, founded in 2013. The band consists of 5 members, lead vocalist and songwriter Han Nay Tar, lead guitarists Wai Gyi and Yee Mon Oo, bassist Bon Bon and drummer Ar Ray.  Their music spans a wide range of genres, from pop rock, to alternative rock, to alternative metal.
The band attracted interest from major music labels and publishers. They were managed by i-Entertain Company and Demo Thaw, co-founder and vice-president at i-Entertain. The band's first EP, Your Surprise Is Our Heartbeats (Y.S.I.O.H) was released in 2017. Their debut full-length album, The Red Sky (Kaung Kin A Ni), was released on 5 October 2017 under Bo Bo Entertainment. The band's albums were released by Legacy Music Network. On 31 August, Eternal Gosh! performed at the FG LIVE LOUNGE Concert at Yay Kuu Amplified Broadcast Station.


== History ==


=== Background and origins ===
The name Eternal Gosh!, according to founding member Han Nay Tar, came from a book. Eternal Gosh! was initially formed on 23 May 2013 by Han Nay Tar, Wai Gyi and Ar Ray. Han Nay Tar and Wai Gyi are originally from Magway. They came to Yangon to make music and met Ar Ray at a guitar class. Later Yee Mon Oo was invited to fill in as their guitarist and was the last to join the band.


=== Music history ===
The band's debut EP, Your Surprise Is Our Heartbeats (Y.S.I.O.H.), was released in 2017, independently through online distribution. Their first studio album, The Red Sky (Kaung Kin A Ni), was released on 5 October 2017. After releasing The Red Sky, the song Moe Ma Kha Eain Mat Kha Yan Pyar was the longest charting No 1 on the Myanmar Top Chart on JOOX. On 30 November 2018, Eternal Gosh! performed at 369 Dine and Bar, ibis Style Yangon Stadium Hotel with Idiots Band.On 15 March 2019, the official music video of Moe Ma Kha Eain Mat Kayan Pyar was released. The band also released their second official music video of Sea Ghost on 1 June 2019. They released the soundtrack of the TV series Seven Cash in collaboration with Taurus V Production on 1 July 2019.
On 24 March, Eternal Gosh! performed at the Myanmar Yout Shi Concert at the Hard Rock Cafe in Myanmar Plaza with Idiots Band in Yangon. They also performed at the FG Live Lounge at Yay Kuu Amplified Broadcast Center together with Idiots Band on 31 August. On 25 October, the band performed at the MYANFEST festival organized by Myanmar Beer with other famous singers at Thuwanabumi Event Park in Yangon.On 11 November 2019, Eternal Gosh! performed at the "Say Paung Kha Tae Yangon Nya" (Full Moon Day) Rock Music Concert together with Zaw Win Htut (Emperor Band) at Thuwunnabumi Event Park in Yangon.On 1 February 2020, Eternal Gosh won the "2019 Most Popular New Artist Award" from the 18th annual City FM Awards, one of the two major music awards in Myanmar.


== Band members ==
CurrentHan Nay Tar--vocals (2013-present)
Wai Gyi--guitar (2013-present)
Ar Ray--drums (2013-present)
Yee Mon Oo--guitar (2018-present)
Bon Bon--bass (2018--present)PastMoe Wai--bass (2013-2018)
		
		
		


== Discography ==


=== Extended plays ===
Your Surprise Is Our Heartbeats (Y.S.I.O.H.)


=== Studio albums ===
The Red Sky (Kaung Kin A Ni) (2017)


=== Singles ===


=== Music videos ===


== Awards and nominations ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Eternal Gosh! on Facebook
Eternal Gosh!'s channel on YouTube Micro (aimokhr) were a Thai rock band formed in 1983 in Bangkok, Thailand. They signed to the GMM Grammy. The group has released a six studio albums. The lead vocals for their first three albums was Amphol Lumpoon. And when Amphol Lumpoon left the band for solo career, Kraiphop Jandee became the band's lead vocals for the latter three albums. The band reunited in 2010s for concerts.


== Current members ==
Amphol Lumpoon (Nui): lead vocals
Kraiphop Jandee (Kop): guitar, vocals
Mana Prasertwong (Ouan): guitar
Santhan Lauhawatanawit (Boy): keyboard
Adinant Nokteat (Aod): bass
Adisai Nokteat (Poo): drum


== Discography ==


=== Studio Album ===
r`kh elk elk (Rock Lek Lek) (1986)
hmuuenfaaernaihd (Meun Fahrenheit) (1988)
etmthang (Tem Tang) (1989)
e`iiym``ng`rthay (Eimong Oratai) (1991)
suriykhraas (Suriya Krast) (1995)
thaangaikl (Tarng Krai) (1997)


== External links ==
Micro Rock Club - Micro Unofficial Website (Thai Only) William Ritchie (1817-1862) was an English barrister, Advocate-General of Bengal from 1855 to 1862.


== Life ==
William Ritchie was born at Southampton Row, London in 1817. His father John Ritchie was a Scottish-born merchant of Baltimore.
His mother Charlotte Thackeray was aunt to William Makepeace Thackeray. The Thackeray family from Hadley had a long association with India, and her nephew was the novelist.
Ritchie was educated at Eton College 1829 to 1835, and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he matriculated in 1835, graduating B.A. in 1839 and M.A. in 1842. After Cambridge, he entered the Inner Temple. He lived with his family in Albany Street, London while reading for the Bar. His father John was the director of a bank that failed in November 1841, causing the Ritchie family to leave for the continent, to escape creditors.Ritchie was called to the bar in 1842. He looked to the legal system of British India where he could earn an immediate income, rather than staying in London hoping for briefs. He built up a practice at the Calcutta Bar. He was appointed Advocate-General of Bengal in (1855?), also appointed the second Vice Chancellor of the University of Calcutta in 1859. William was appointed Legislative Member of the Council of the Governor-General of India in (1860?). William held these offices until his death in Calcutta on 22 March 1862.
Ritchie had a popular reputation for his gentle, amiable, overly-polite manner and his honourable character. This reputation earned him the nickname "Gentleman Ritchie" at Cambridge.


== Family ==
Ritchie proposed to Augusta Trimmer on 28 August 1842 before sailing for India on 1 September on the Prince of Wales. After he made a name for himself at the bar in Calcutta. Augusta joined him there in 1845. They were married on 4 December at St. John's Church, and had eight children. There were sons:
William Irvine Ritchie (1850-1903) of the Education Office
John Gerald Ritchie (1853-1921) of the Indian Civil Service
Richmond Ritchie (1854-1912)
Edward Duguid Ritchie (1859-1912), physician.The daughters were:

Augusta Charlotte (1847-1910), the eldest, married Douglas William Freshfield;
Emily (1851-1932), unmarried.
Blanche, married Francis Warre-Cornish.
Elinor, married Herbert Paul.


== References == The Battle of Morat was a battle in the Burgundian Wars (1474-1477) that was fought on 22 June 1476 between Charles the Bold, the Duke of Burgundy, and a Swiss Confederate army at Morat (Murten), about 30 kilometres from Bern. The result was a crushing defeat for the Burgundians at the hands of the Swiss.


== Background ==
Stung by his defeat by the Swiss Confederation at Grandson in March 1476, Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy, reorganised his tangled but otherwise mainly intact army at Lausanne. By the end of May he once again felt ready to march against the Confederates to recover his territories and fortifications in the Pays de Vaud, then march on and attack the city of Bern, his greatest enemy among the Swiss cantons.
His first objective was the strategic lakeside town of Morat, set on the eastern shore of Lake Morat. On 11 June 1476, the Burgundians commenced the siege of the well-prepared town, whose forces were commanded by the Bernese general Adrian von Bubenberg. An initial assault was repulsed by a heavy barrage of fire from light guns mounted on the walls, but two great bombards used by the Burgundians were slowly reducing the walls to rubble. By 19 June the Confederate muster was near complete at their camp behind the Sarine (Saane) River. Only a contingent of some 4,000 men from Zurich had yet to arrive and these were not expected until 22 June.
Charles in the meantime had been kept reasonably well informed of the approach of the Confederate army, though he did nothing to hinder their approach. This is not to say that he was unprepared for the arrival of the Swiss; indeed in typical fashion Charles had prepared an elaborate plan to meet the enemy on ground of his choosing, some 2 km (1.2 mi) from Morat, dominating their anticipated line of approach. The terrain around the town is quite hilly and he had chosen to rest his left flank artillery on a steeply sloped gorge cut by the Burggraben stream. In the centre, behind an elaborate ditch and palisade entrenchment known as the Grunhag, stood the bulk of Charles' infantry and artillery that were not engaged in besieging Murten itself. These were to fight the Confederation pike and halberd blocks to a halt while on the right the massed gendarmes would then flank the frontally engaged Swiss, thus creating a killing ground from which there was no escape.
On 21 June 1476, Charles expected the Confederation forces to attack. He arranged his army and prepared for the coming assault. However, the Swiss commanders decided to wait an additional day for the troops from Zurich. After about six hours of waiting Charles ordered his troops to stand down and return to camp.


== Battle ==

On 22 June 1476, around mid-morning, Charles ordered his treasurer to pay the entire army, expecting the Confederate troops to continue delaying. The orderly lines of the Burgundian army dissolved into chaos as soldiers scattered throughout the camp collecting their pay, eating their midday meal, and seeking shelter from the rain. The skeleton force that remained at the Grunhag were surprised when the Swiss army, in battle order, emerged from the woods less than 1,000 m (1,100 yd) from their lines. The Confederate vanguard of some 6,000 skirmishers and all the 1,200 cavalry present erupted out of the woods to the west of Morat, exactly where Charles had predicted they would appear.
Behind the vanguard came the main body of pikemen, the gewalthut (centre). Some 10,000 to 12,000 strong, they formed a large wedge with the canton standards in the centre, flanked by halberdiers and an outer ring of pikemen. The rearguard of 6,000 to 8,000 more closely packed pikemen and halberdiers followed the gewalthut towards the now sparsely manned Grunhag.
As the Swiss charged downhill into the Burgundian position the artillery managed to fire a few salvoes, killing or maiming several hundred of the overeager Lorrainers. Against the odds the defenders in the Grunhag held the Swiss for some time before a contingent of Swiss found a way through the left flank of the defences near the Burggraben and turned the whole position. The Swiss formed up quickly beyond it and advanced towards Morat and the besieger's camp.
In the Burgundian camp, there was confusion after the Swiss were sighted, as men rushed to re-form ranks and prepare for battle. In the ducal tent atop Bois Domingue, a hill overlooking the town, Charles was quickly armed by his retainers before rushing on horseback to try to coordinate the defence of the camp. But as fast as any unit was formed and moved forward against the Swiss, it was swept aside as various uncoordinated attacks were made against the still compact Confederate battle formations. There was some resistance from the squadrons of the ducal household who routed the Lorrainers, including Rene II, Duke of Lorraine, who was saved only by the arrival of the pikes, against which the gendarmes could only retire, unable to make any impression against them.
Charles managed to muster enough English archers to form a last line of defence before the camp, but these were routed before a bow could be bent, their commander shot by a Swiss skirmisher. Traditionally, the Duke of Somerset is identified as the commander of the English archers. However, the only Duke of Somerset, Edmund Beaufort who was known to have been in Burgundian service died in 1471 at Tewkesbury in England and therefore could not have been at Morat five years later. Then it was every man for himself as Charles ordered the army to fall back which was interpreted as a retreat, which in turn became a rout as all organized resistance ended.
For some three miles along the lakeside many Burgundians died that day in the rout. The Italian division of some 4,000-6,000 men besieging the southern part of Morat probably suffered the worst fate: cut off by the Swiss rearguard and attacked by a sally from the town, they were hunted down along the shore and driven into the lake. As promised, no quarter was granted.
More fortunate was the Savoyard division under Jacques of Savoy, Count of Romont which was posted in the northern half of the Morat siege works. Forming up and abandoning all their baggage they retreated north and west round the lake and eventually made good their escape to Romont.
Part of the war booty captured at this battle is still retained at the castle of Gruyeres in Switzerland, and includes three capes of the Order of the Golden Fleece which belonged to Charles the Bold, including one with the emblem of his father, Philip the Good, which he had with him as he was marking the anniversary of the death of his father.


== Aftermath ==
The French poet and chronicler Jean Molinet reported that Charles' army lost about 6,000 to 7,000 men. Later writers have calculated a higher number, between 9,000 and 10,000.Charles' dream of revenge against the Confederates ended that day. Although he would doggedly struggle for another six months against his foes, his defeat at Morat really spelled the beginning of the end for the Burgundian State, much to the delight of the duke's enemies. Charles escaped to Morges, and then to Pontarlier, where he stayed for months, reportedly in a deep depression. He later returned to the battlefield at the Battle of Nancy, where he was killed.
Pockmarks from the Burgundian cannon can still be seen in the defensive towers of Morat.


== Citation ==
Lord Byron in Canto III of Childe Harold's Pilgrimage has these words on the battle:
63

But ere these matchless heights I dare to scan,
There is a spot should not be pass'd in vain,--
Morat! the proud, the patriot field! where man
May gaze on ghastly trophies of the slain,
Nor blush for those who conquered on that plain;
Here Burgundy bequeath'd his tombless host,
A bony heap, through ages to remain,
Themselves their monument;--the Stygian coast
Unsepulchred they roam'd, and shriek'd each wandering ghost.64

While Waterloo with Cannae's carnage vies,
Morat and Marathon twin names shall stand;
They were true Glory's stainless victories,
Won by the unambitious heart and hand
Of a proud, brotherly, and civic band,
All unbought champions in no princely cause
Of vice-entail'd Corruption; they no land
Doom'd to bewail the blasphemy of laws
Making kings' rights divine, by some Draconic clause.


== See also ==
Battles of the Old Swiss Confederacy


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Coolidge, William Augustus Brevoort (1911). "Morat" . Encyclopaedia Britannica. Vol. 18 (11th ed.). pp. 815-816.
Winkler, Albert (2010). "The Battle of Murten: The Invasion of Charles the Bold and the Survival of the Swiss States," Swiss American Historical Society Review, vol.46, no. 1, pp. 8-34.


== External links ==
Panorama of the Battle of Morat
The panorama of the battle of Murten, official site Cephas Pasipamiri (born 25 September 1975) is a Zimbabwean long distance runner who specialises in the marathon. He competed in the marathon event at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics in Beijing, China.


== References ==


== External links ==
Cephas Pasipamiri at World Athletics 